tngo application structure (#1035)
plotly/dash-docs: dash_docs/chapters/dash_enterprise/application_structure/requirements_py.md

```
amqp==5.0.2
billiard==3.6.3.0
Brotli==1.0.9
celery==5.0.3
certifi==2020.11.8
cffi==1.14.4
chardet==3.0.4
click==7.1.2
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
click-plugins==1.1.1
click-repl==0.1.6
cryptography==3.2.1
dash==1.17.0
dash-core-components==1.13.0
dash-design-kit==1.5.4
dash-enterprise-auth==0.0.4
dash-html-components==1.1.1
dash-renderer==1.8.3
dash-snapshots==1.3.2
dash-table==4.11.0
Flask==1.1.2
Flask-Compress==1.8.0
Flask-SQLAlchemy==2.4.4
future==0.18.2
gunicorn==20.0.4
idna==2.10
importlib-metadata==3.1.1
itsdangerous==1.1.0
Jinja2==2.11.2
kombu==5.0.2
MarkupSafe==1.1.1
numpy==1.19.4
packaging==20.7
pandas==1.1.4
pg8000==1.16.6
plotly==4.13.0
prompt-toolkit==3.0.8
pycparser==2.20
PyJWT==1.7.1
pyOpenSSL==20.0.0
pyparsing==2.4.7
python-dateutil==2.8.1
pytz==2020.4
redis==3.5.3
requests==2.25.0
retrying==1.3.3
scramp==1.2.0
six==1.15.0
SQLAlchemy==1.3.20
urllib3==1.26.2
vine==5.0.0
wcwidth==0.2.5
Werkzeug==1.0.1
zipp==3.4.0
```

You can supply additional options to the top of the file. See the official 
[Pip requirements.txt docs](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#requirements-file-format)
for more details.

> 

Reviewer: taking a look at the other chapters in https://dash-docs-pr-1035.herokuapp.com/dash-enterprise.... we could crosslink to `/dash-enterprise/private-packages` here

## requirements.txt

`requirements.txt` is a necessary text file that describes of all of your Dash app's Python
dependencies. During the deployment process, Dash Enterprise will install all of the

> listed packages. Since Dash apps use `gunicorn` as their Python Web 
> Server Gateway Interface
> (WSGI) HTTP server, don't forget to include `gunicorn`!

Reviewer: Re-reading this... Dash itself doesn't use `gunicorn` it's just a commonly used in a procfile. So, a more precise way of saying this might be:

```suggestion
listed packages. Since it's common to run Dash apps with `gunicorn` in your `Procfile`, don't forget to include `gunicorn`!
```

We recommend including all Python packages and their version numbers inside your 
`requirements.txt`.

The packages and version numbers that are currently used in your development environment
can be inspected by running `pip freeze` in your terminal.
This will include all of the "subdependencies" of the packages that you rely on.
For example, `dash` itself relies on 17 other packages that have their own version numbers.

> You may inspect which python packages are currently installed for your app in the App Manager.

Reviewer: hm we should actually double check this with conda. Does the app manager show `requirements.txt`, `conda-requirements.txt` or combine the two?

Author: I have an R app deployed, I'll check now

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11036740/101970799-a1f54280-3bfa-11eb-83a2-6c4ae6fb9b43.png)

The App Manager is not showing any of the app's dependencies.

If you don't include the subdependencies in your `requirements.txt` file, then Dash Enterprise 

> will install the latest versions of these subdependencies when you deploy your app for the first time
> or restart the application. This could mean that your deployed application uses different versions

Reviewer: I think I was mistaken here about when the packages get reinstalled. I don't think they get reinstalled on restarts.

```suggestion
will install the latest versions of these subdependencies when you deploy your app for the first time.
This could mean that your deployed application uses different versions
```

This file was generated by running `pip freeze` with an environment that used the 
latest packages available as of December 2020 with Dash Enterprise 4.0.1.

```
amqp==5.0.2
billiard==3.6.3.0
Brotli==1.0.9
celery==5.0.3
certifi==2020.11.8
cffi==1.14.4
chardet==3.0.4
click==7.1.2
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
click-plugins==1.1.1
click-repl==0.1.6
cryptography==3.2.1
dash==1.17.0
dash-core-components==1.13.0
dash-design-kit==1.5.4
dash-enterprise-auth==0.0.4
dash-html-components==1.1.1
dash-renderer==1.8.3
dash-snapshots==1.3.2
dash-table==4.11.0
Flask==1.1.2
Flask-Compress==1.8.0
Flask-SQLAlchemy==2.4.4
future==0.18.2
gunicorn==20.0.4
idna==2.10
importlib-metadata==3.1.1
itsdangerous==1.1.0
Jinja2==2.11.2
kombu==5.0.2
MarkupSafe==1.1.1
numpy==1.19.4
packaging==20.7
pandas==1.1.4
pg8000==1.16.6
plotly==4.13.0
prompt-toolkit==3.0.8
pycparser==2.20
PyJWT==1.7.1
pyOpenSSL==20.0.0
pyparsing==2.4.7
python-dateutil==2.8.1
pytz==2020.4
redis==3.5.3
requests==2.25.0
retrying==1.3.3
scramp==1.2.0
six==1.15.0
SQLAlchemy==1.3.20
urllib3==1.26.2
vine==5.0.0
wcwidth==0.2.5
Werkzeug==1.0.1
zipp==3.4.0
```

You can supply additional options to the top of the file. See the official 

> [Pip requirements.txt Docs](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#requirements-file-format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pip requirements.txt docs](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#requirements-file-format)
```
